READMEs for arctic dem add-on (#800)
nsidc/qgreenland: qgreenland/addons-readme.txt

Author: This file contains text that can replace what's currently on our website for ArcticDEM:

> [32-meter resolution ArcticDEM](http://data.pgc.umn.edu/gis/packages/qgreenland/packages/addons/) (digital elevation model): The Polar Geospatial Center has provided a custom Greenland 32-m resolution ArcticDEM for added detail. Download this add-on package and place it in a suitable location in your filesystem. Unzip the package and then follow the directions in the 'README.txt' file included.

32-meter resolution ArcticDEM (digital elevation model): The Polar Geospatial

> Center has provided a custom Greenland 32-m resolution ArcticDEM for added

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Center has provided a custom Greenland 32m resolution ArcticDEM for added
```
